## 第一集 莫妮卡的新室友 (上)

**Monica:** There's nothing to tell. It's just some guy I work with.

**Joey:** C'mon, you're going out with the guy. There's gotta be something wrong with him!

**Chandler:** All right, Joey. Be nice. So does he have a hump? A hump and a hairpiece?

**Phoebe:** Wait, does he eat chalk? 'cause I don't want her to go through what I went through with Carloh!

**Monica:** Okay, everybody relax. Relax. This is not even a date. It's not.It's just two people going out to dinner and not having sex.

**Chandler:** Sounds like a date to me.

**Chandler:** Alright, so I'm back in high school, I'm standing in the middle of the cafeteria, and I realize I am totally naked.

**All:** Oh, yeah. Had that dream.

**Chandler:** Then I look down and I realize there is a phone…there.

**Joey:** Instead of. Chandler: That's right!

**Joey:** Never had that dream.

**Chandler:** All of a sudden, the phone starts to ring.

**Chandler:** Now I don't know what to do? Everybody starts looking at me.

**Monica:** They weren't looking at you before?

**Chandler:** Finally, I figure I'd better answer it.

**Chandler:** And it turns out it's my mother. Which is very, very weird because she never calls me.

**Ross:** Hi.

**Joey:** This guy says, "Hello, " I wanna kill myself.

**Monica:** You okay? sweetie!

**Ross:** I just feel like someone reached down my throat, grabbed my small intestine pulled it out of my mouth, and tied it around my neck.

**Chandler:** Cookie?

**Monica:** Carol moved her stuff out today.

**Monica:** Let me get you some coffee.

Thanks.

**Ross:** No, Oh! No don't! Stop cleansing my aura. Just leave my aura alone, okay? Fine, be murky.

**Ross:** I'll be fine, alright? Really, everyone. I hope she'll be happy.

**Monica:** No, you don't.

**Ross:** No I don't, to hell with her, she left me!

**Joey:** You never knew she was a lesbian?

**Ross:** No! Okay? Why does everyone keep fixating on that?

**Ross:** She didn't know. How should I know?

**Chandler:** Sometimes I wish I was a lesbian. Did I say that out loud?

**Ross:** I told Mom and Dad last night. They seemed to take it pretty well.

**Monica:** Oh, really? So that hysterical phone call I got from a woman sobbing at 3:00 A.M. , "I'll never have grandchildren, I'll never have grandchildren." was what? A wrong number?

**Ross:** Sorry.

**Joey:** Alright Ross, Look, you're feeling a lot of pain right now. You're angry. You're hurting.

**Joey:** Can I tell you what the answer is? Strip joints!

**Joey:** C'mon, you're single! Have some hormones.

**Ross:** See I don't want to be single, okay?

**Ross:** I just…I justI just want to be married again.

**Chandler:** And I just want a million dollars!

**Monica:** Rachel? Rachel: Oh, God, Monica hi! Thank God!

**Rachel:** I just went to your building, and you weren't there, and this guy with a big hammer said that you might be here, and you are you are.

Can I get you some coffee?

**Monica:** Decaf.

**Monica:** Okay, Everybody, this is Rachel, another Lincoln High survivor.

**Monica:** This is everybody. this is Chandler and Phoebe and Joey. And, you Remember my brother, Ross?

**Rachel:** Sure! Hi

**Monica:** So You wanna tell us now, or are we waiting for four wet bridesmaids?

**Rachel:** Oh God…Well, it started about a halfhour before the wedding.

**Rachel:** I was in the room where we were keeping all the presents, and I was looking at this gravy boat.

**Rachel:** This really gorgeous Limoges gravy boat. When all of a sudden I realized…Sweet 'n' Lo?

**Rachel:** I realized that I was more turned on by this gravy boat than by Barry!

**Rachel:** And then I got really freaked out, and that's when it hit me: How much Barry looks like Mr. Potato Head. Y'know, I mean, I always knew he looked familiar, but.

**Rachel:** Anyway, I just had to get out of there, and I started wondering, "Why am I doing this, " and "Who am I doing this for?"

**Rachel:** So anyway, I just didn't know where to go, and I know that you and I have kinda drifted apart, but you're the only person I knew who lived here in the city.

**Monica:** Who wasn't invited to the wedding.

**Rachel:** Ooh, I was kinda hoping that wouldn't be an issue…

**Monica:** Now I'm guessing that he bought her the big pipe organ, and she's really not happy about it.

**Chandler:** "Tuna or egg salad! Decide!"

"I'll have whatever Christina's having. "

**Rachel:** Daddy, I just I can't marry him. I'm sorry. I just don't love him. Well, it matters to me!

**Phoebe:** "If I let go of my hair, my head will fall off. "

**Chandler:** Ooh, she should not be wearing those pants.

**Joey:** I say push her down the stairs.

**All:** Push her down the stairs! Push her down the stairs! Push her down the stairs!

**Rachel:** C'mon Daddy, listen to me! It's like, it's like, all of my life, everyone has always told me, "You're a shoe! You're a shoe, you're a shoe, you're a shoe!'.

**Rachel:** And today I just stopped and I said, What if I don't wanna be a shoe? What if I want to be aa purse? y'know? Or aor a hat!

**Rachel:** No, I don't want you to buy me a hat! I'm saying I am a ha…It's a metaphor, Daddy!

**Ross:** You can see where he'd have trouble.

**Rachel:** Look, Daddy, it's my life. Well, maybe I'll just stay here with Monica.

**Monica:** Well, I guess we've established she's staying here with Monica…

**Rachel:** Well, maybe that's my decision. Well, maybe I don't need your money. Wait! I said maybe!

**Monica:** Just breathe, breathe…that's it. Just try to think of nice calm things.

**Phoebe:** Raindrops on roses And whiskers on kittens. Doorbells and sleigh bells. And something with mittens La la la something. And noodles with string…

**Rachel:** I'm all better now.

**Phoebe:** I helped.

**Monica:** Okay, look, this is probably for the best, y'know?

**Monica:** Independence. Taking control of your life. The whole, 'hat' thing.

**Joey:** And hey, you need anything, you can always come to Joey.

**Joey:** Me and Chandler live right across the hall. And He's away a lot.

**Monica:** Joey, Stop hitting on her! It's her wedding day.

**Joey:** What, like there's a rule or something?

**Chandler:** I got it. Please don't do that again. It's a horrible sound.

uh, It's, it's Paul.

**Monica:** Oh, God, is it 6:30? Buzz him in.

**Joey:** Who's Paul?

**Ross:** Paul, the wine guy? Paul?

**Monica:** Maybe.

**Joey:** Wait a minute. Your 'not a real date' tonight is with Paul the Wine Guy?

**Ross:** He finally asked you out? Monica: Yes!

**Chandler:** Ooh, this is a Dear Diary moment.

**Monica:** Rach, wait, I can cancel….

**Rachel:** Ooh God, Please, no, go, that'd be fine!

**Monica:** Ooh, Ross, are you okay? I mean, do you want me to stay?

**Ross:** That'd be good.

**Monica:** Really?

**Ross:** No, go on! It's Paul, the wine guy!

**Phoebe:** What does that mean? Does he sell it, drink it? Or he just complains a lot?

**Monica:** Hi, come in! Paul, this is…everybody. Everybody, this is Paul.

**Everybody:** Hey! Paul! Hi! The Wine Guy! Hey!

**Chandler:** I'm sorry, I didn't catch your name. Paul, was it?

**Monica:** Okay, ummumm, I'll justI'll be right back, I just gotta go ah, go ah…

**Ross:** Awandering?

**Monica:** Change. Okay, sit down. Two seconds.

**Phoebe:** Ooh, I just pulled out four eyelashes. That can't be good.

**Joey:** Hey, Paul! Here's a little tip, she really likes it when you rub her neck in the same spot over and over and over again until it starts to get a little red.

**Monica:** Shut up, Joey!

**Ross:** So Rachel, what're you, uh…what're you up to tonight?

**Rachel:** Well, I was kinda supposed to be headed for Aruba on my honeymoon, so, nothing.

**Ross:** Right, you're not even getting your honeymoon.

**Ross:** God. . No, no, although, Aruba, this time of year…

**Ross:** Talk about your, big lizards.

**Ross:** Anyway, if you don't feel like being alone tonight, Joey and Chandler are coming over to help me put together my new furniture.

**Chandler:** Yes, and we're very excited about it.

**Rachel:** Well actually thanks, but I think I'm just gonna hang out here tonight. It's been kinda a long day.

**Ross:** Oh, sure.

**Joey:** Hey Pheebs, you wanna help?

**Phoebe:** Oh, I wish I could, but I don't want to.

**Phoebe:** Love is sweet as summer showers Love is a wondrous work of art. But your love Oh, your love, your love…is like a giant pigeon, crapping on my heart, Lalalalala.

**Phoebe:** Thank you. Lalalalala

**Ross:** I'm supposed to attach a brackety thing to the side things, using a bunch of these little worm guys.

**Ross:** I have no brackety thing. I see no worm guys whatsoever…and I cannot feel my legs.

**Joey:** I think we've got a bookcase here.

**Chandler:** It's beautiful thing.

**Joey:** What's this?

**Chandler:** I would have to say that is an Lshaped bracket.

**Joey:** Which goes where?

**Chandler:** I have no idea.

**Joey:** Done with the bookcase.

**Chandler:** All finished.

**Ross:** This was Carol's favorite beer.

She always drank it out of the can, I should have known.

**Joey:** You're gonna start with that stuff, we're outta here.

**Chandler:** Yeah, please don't spoil all this fun.

**Joey:** Ross, let me ask you a question.

**Joey:** She got the furniture, the stereo, the good TV. What did you get?

**Ross:** You guys.

**Chandler:** Oh, God!

**Joey:** You got screwed.

**Chandler:** Oh, my God!

**Monica:** Oh, my God.

**Paul:** I know. I know. I'm such an idiot.

**Paul:** I guess I should have caught on when she started going to the dentist four and five times a week.

**Paul:** I mean, how clean can teeth get?

**Monica:** My brother's going through that right now, he's such a mess. How did you get through it?

**Paul:** I might try accidentally breaking something valuable of hers. Say her Leg?

**Paul:** That's one way of doing it! Me, II went for the watch.

**Monica:** You actually broke her watch? Wow! The worst thing I ever did was, II shredded my old boyfriend's favorite bath towel.

**Paul:** Oh, steer clear of you.

**Monica:** That's right.

**Rachel:** Barry, I'm sorry. I am so sorry.

**Rachel:** I know you probably think that this is all about what I said the other night about you making love with your socks on, but it isn't…It's about me. And I just
